1.Why do developers use source control?
   To be able to track your changes and allow you to revise changes with your own work and others.

2.What are two benefits of using git as your source control system?
  Role-based codelines, Disposable Experimentation

3.Why is it important to run the git config command?
  to set up git
  
4.What is another name for source control?
  Version Control System

5.Name one other version control system.
  Subversion

6.What command would you use to make a local copy of a remote repository?
  git clone
  
7.What is the main identifying factor of a commit?
  Tag

8.What is a single point in history called in git?
  Commit

9.What is an irreconcilable diff called?
  conflict

10.What is the command to view the latest changes in a remote repository without merging them into your local working copy?
  git fetch

11.What is the default name for the remote repository?
   remote
 
12.What is the command to create a new branch on a repository?
   git branch

13.What is the command to switch to a branch on a repository?
    git checkout

14.How do you create an identical but separate repository on GitHub?
    git fork

15.What is the command to combine the contents of one branch into another?
   git merge

16.What command is the combination of fetch and merge?
   pull

17.What command sends commits made locally to the remote repository?
   git commit -m 

18.What is the name of the pointer/reference that keeps track of your current git location?
   tag

19.What is the name for where code that's under source control is located?
   ****

20.What is the name of the area where changes are placed prior to forming a commit?
   Stage

21.What git command is commonly used to tag release versions of code?
   git tag

22.What command turns a folder into a repository tracked via source control?
   ****

23.What command lets you see the commit history of the branch you currently have checked out?
   ****

24.What command lets you see the state of various files under version control?
   git list

25.What command adds a modified file to stage?
   git add

26.What command collects all the staged changes and groups them into a single point of history?
   ****

27.Label the state names for 1, 2, 3, and 4.
   1.untracked
   2.unmodified
   3.modified
   4.staged